In this lecture we will summarize and recap what we learned in this section of the course.
I know we went over a lot of information.
So let's take a look at a summary of the key facts we learned in this section of the course.
First we looked at what HVM is HVM L stands for hypertext markup language.
The first version of chainmail was released in 1991 and the latest version aged UML 5 was released in
2014.
The main value of each team is that it allows us to define content to display on our web pages.
Next we looked at tags in each DML tags are the building blocks of each T.M. code a tag uses angular
brackets and most HVM elements have an opening and closing tag.
Some examples of usefully [REMOVED] tags include the paragraph image menu menu item title body heading
and video tags.
Then we look at the format of NHT UML document each page Jamail document follows a certain structure
that communicates to the web browser its content.
Here's the basic outline of an aged female document and each team L5 it is a skeleton that we can type
our code into.
Remember remember the code that we type that defines the content of an aged female web page goes between
the opening and closing body tags.
After that we looked at the structure of each female code.
We learned some of the key terms for HTL syntax.
Content is anything that goes between the opening and closing tags.
An element is the L code from the opening to the closing tag including the content between the tags.
An attribute is called we add to the opening tag that gives the tag additional information.
Then we looked at giving a web page or title and headings the title tag is not used to display a title
on the page but rather it is used as metadata that describes the page and is visible on the top tab
of the web page.
The bookmarks window and in the search engine results.
We used the heading tags each one through 8:06 to display titles that are visible on the web page.
The text that we put inside of these heading tags is very important as search engines use this information
when deciding what keywords are in search results.
Next we looked at paragraphs and text in HVM l the p tag or paragraph tag allows us to put text into
our web page.
The B.Tech allows us to display the text in Bold and the tag allows us to display the text in italics.
The B.R. tag allows us to insert a new line into our text.
The price tag allows us to display text to the web browser exactly as it was typed.
After that we looked at the style tag and HMO the style tag allows us to sterilize our elements and
control how they are displayed in the browser.
We can control what elements the style is applied to in three ways using the tag name using the ID of
the element or the class that the element belongs to.
To use the tag name we just specify the tag name itself to use the ID.
We use a hash tag or pound symbol followed by the ID to use the class we use a period followed by the
class name.
Then we looked at formatting text in HMO.
We can align text using the text align style to align our text to left align we give the text a line
style value of left to align our text to write a line.
We give the text a line style of value of right to align our text to center align we give the text the
line style a value of center the mark tag allows us to highlight text the Del tag allows us to cross
out text.
Then we looked at hyperlinks in each GMO.
The anchor tag allows us to add hyperlinks to our code.
The rough attribute can be assigned to your l value where the hyperlink should take us to the content
of the anchor tag is the actual length displayed in the web browser and can be text or an image using
the link style allows us to specify a color for our hyperlink other than the default color of blue.
Adding the title attribute to our anchor tag allows us to specify a tooltip that will display when the
user hovers over a hyperlink.
Then we learn some more about images and HVM l images can be added to a web page using the image tag
we specify the source of an image using the source attribute.
We can specify a width and height for our image by using the width and height attributes within the
opening image.
Ted if we want to make only part or parts of an image clickable we can use an image map.
After that we learned about buttons and HVM the button tag is used to create a button an HMO the on
click attribute allows us to specify the behavior of a button when we click it.
Finally we looked at comments and HMO comments are useful because they allow developers to type notes
that aren't treated as code.
Comments can also be used to debug code line by line and HVM all comments are created using the comment
tag which has the following syntax.
Now you have an understanding of the fundamental building blocks of HVM all in the next section.
We will learn how to display data using HDMI out including creating lists tables layout and forms.